# W7D6-7

## Today's Learning Goals:

- [x] Why is Mergesort preferred for working with LL's?
- [x] Explain how using context differs from mapping over children to give implicit props
- [x] Why does Uber want to replicate data in a Hadoop warehouse?
- [x] What is Kafka used for in this system?
- [x] What is an SOA?

## Study

### Algos

* [Merge sort for Linked List](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/merge-sort-for-linked-list/)

### Web

* [Design Uber/Lyft](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3DY3Te3A_A)
* We'll be spending this weekend, next Monday, and next Tuesday on the video above.

### JavaScript

* [Second Node Project continued](https://github.com/Pklong/chat-app)

### Misc

* [Context](https://reacttraining.com/patterns/)

## Network and Apply

* Reach out to 2 people
* Apply to 5 jobs

# 🚨 Practice Test 🚨 

Welcome to the end of Week 7! The next step is to double down on what you've learned, and prepare for the HackerRank test that will be sent to your email address. The first step is to work through this practice test to have an idea of what to expect on the HackerRank exam.

Before you dive into the HackerRank test, it's important to review. We use the HackerRank test results to gauge your progress in the job search guide, so you'll want to make sure you are as prepared as possible. If you struggle on this practice exam, be sure to review flash cards!

Make an honest effort with these problems. An answer key is at the bottom of the page, but try and review your notes and readings before referring to these. 

## Weeks 7 & 8

1. Choose the correct statement(s) about Linked List operations
  * A) Deleting a node when you have the head to the list is a linear operation
  * B) Deleting a node from a singly-linked list is always a linear operation even if you have a reference to that node
  * C) Nodes in a linked list cannot contain other nodes as their values.
  * D) Sentinel nodes do not have pointers to other nodes
  * E) A linked list that has been heapified might result in a different list than if you sort the list
  * F) To compute the intersection of two lists you can base your output on list 1 and delete elements from list two that aren't in list 1
  * G) The union of two lists can be generated by merging two hashes
  * H) Once you find a cycle in your LL, you automatically know the length of this cycle
  * I) Detecting a cycle in a linked list requires extra storage to compare the current node against all visited nodes
2. Choose the correct statement(s) about designing Twitter
  * A) Twitter's functionality requires high consistency of database reads.
  * B) You would want to precompute every user's feed ahead of time to speed up response times for this feature
  * C) When a user writes a tweet you must perform a database query to tell the application whose feeds need to be updated
  * D) The best time to produce push notifications would be when a user's timeline is updated in memory
3. Choose the correct statement(s) about React
  * A) Declarative code in React means that interactions will directly change the values our components have.
  * B) Compound components will delegate rendering responsibility of children components to the children themselves
  * C) Context must be passed down from every parent to its direct children if those children want to use state from that Context
  * D) Higher-order components are how we refer to all components that return other components
  * E) Higher-order components are a way of sharing state across multiple components
  * F) Connect is an example of a higher-order component
  * G) Using Render Props means that you pass a child component a function that takes in a piece of state from the child and returns a piece of JSX, and the child directly renders the return value of this function
  * H) A component is considered a controlled component if it passes its state up to its parent component
4. Choose the correct statement(s) about designing a Parking Lot
  * A) using `enum` lets you store integers instead of strings for fields like car color
  * B) An abstract class is not meant to be inherited from
  * C) Finding where a car is parked should be a linear operation because the order in which cars entered the parking lot must be stored in an arrays
  * D) Concurrency is not a problem as long as you restrict the number of entrances to you parking lot



  >Answer Key
  1) A, B, G
  2) C
  3) B, E, F, G
  4) A, D